{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red27\green29\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red27\green29\blue31;\red235\green236\blue237;\red27\green29\blue31;\red229\green229\blue229;\red27\green29\blue31;
\red27\green29\blue31;\red229\green229\blue229;\red27\green29\blue31;\red0\green0\blue0;\red187\green187\blue187;
\red27\green29\blue31;\red27\green29\blue31;\red235\green236\blue237;\red27\green29\blue31;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c14140\c15318\c16084;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;
\cssrgb\c14118\c15294\c16078;\cssrgb\c93725\c94118\c94510;\cssrgb\c14161\c15341\c16090;\cssrgb\c91857\c91857\c91857;\cssrgb\c14183\c15364\c16096;
\cssrgb\c14161\c15341\c16090;\cssrgb\c91857\c91857\c91857;\cssrgb\c14183\c15364\c16096;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c78156\c78156\c78156;
\cssrgb\c14183\c15364\c16096;\cssrgb\c14118\c15294\c16078;\cssrgb\c93725\c94118\c94510;\cssrgb\c14140\c15317\c16084;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17640\viewh11700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 MacOS Git Install Notes:\

\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\

\f0\b \ul Author: Nick Hella
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\

\f2\i *** Sourced from: https://gist.github.com/mindplace/b4b094157d7a3be6afd2c96370d39fad ***\

\f1\i0 \
	Let\'92s try running the command \'93git\'94 from your terminal..\
\
	If you get an error like: \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 		dyld: Library not loaded: @rpath/libswiftCore.dylib\
  			Referenced from: /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/usr/bin/			xcodebuild\
  		Reason: image not found\
		git: error: unable to locate xcodebuild, please make sure the path to the 		Xcode folder is set correctly!\
		git: error: You can set the path to the Xcode folder using /usr/bin/		xcode-	select -switch\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
	Enter the following:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 		\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 sudo xcode-select --switch /Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
\
	If you never got that error, you\'92re a rockstar. That took me way too long to figure out how to fix.. Anyways!\
\
	Now you should be able to run \'93git\'94 from the command line...\
\
\
	Now let\'92s create a project directory on your local machine, enter the following command into your terminal:\
		\
		\cf7 \cb8 \strokec7 mkdir ~/Documents/CS_205/PANDAS_CS205\cf9 \cb4 \strokec9 \
	\
	Let\'92s now initialize this this directory in git. Enter the following command:\
		\cf10 \cb11 \outl0\strokewidth0 cd ~/Documents/CS_205/PANDAS_CS205 && git init\cf12 \cb4 \
\
	Now if you type \'93git status\'94, you should see the following output:\
		
\f3\fs22 \cf13 \cb14 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 On branch master\cf13 \cb4 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf13 \cb4 \
		  \cf13 \cb14 No commits yet\cf13 \cb4 \
\
	 U 
\f4\fs26 \cf15 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 Good up to this point? Radical. Alright here we go..\
\
\
	So now we\'92re going to perform a git pull. Execute the following command:\
\
		
\f3\fs22 \cf13 \cb8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 git pull https://github.com/thehellahub/Pandas_CS205.git <your_branch>\cf13 \cb4 \
\
	Now if we enter \'93ls\'94 in our terminal, we should see all the files we have in our branch! RADICAL. \
\
	So.. What\'92s not so rad is that every time we want to do a git pull, we don\'92t want to have to reference the URL and the branch. \
	\
	I know what you\'92re thinking.. That\'92s flippin\'92 lame! - Agreed!\
\
	To fix this, we\'92re gunna execute the following command:\
\
		\cf13 \cb14 git branch --set-upstream-to=origin/<your_branch> master\cf13 \cb4 \
\
	NOTE: If at any point you want to pull whatever is in the master branch, just execute the following:\
\
		\cf13 \cb11 git pull https://github.com/thehellahub/Pandas_CS205.git master\cf13 \cb4 \
\
	NOTE: Although it is NOT recommended, to push to master branch execute the following:\
\
\
		\cf13 \cb14 git push origin HEAD:master\cf13 \cb4 \
\
		AGAIN\'85 ** IT IS ONLY RECOMMENDED THAT YOU PUSH TO YOUR BRANCH. LET THE GITHUB ADMIN HANDLE MERGES, UNLESS YOU\'92RE ABSOLUTELY SURE THERE\'92S NO MERGE CONFLICTS **\
\
	Ok, enough with the caps lock.  \
\
	First we need to check that we\'92re on the proper branch. To do this, enter the following command:\
\
		
\f4\fs26 \cf5 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 git rev-parse --abbrev-ref HEAD\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
	\
	Do you see the branch you expected? Radical. \
\
	If you don\'92t see the branch you expected, just enter the following command:\
		\
		\cf16 \cb17 \outl0\strokewidth0 git checkout <your_branch>\cf18 \cb4 \
\
	Better? Radical.
\f3\fs22 \cf13 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \
\
\
	Ok, so let\'92s say we want to push all our file changes/additions to our branch..\
\
\
	Here\'92s the series of commands we\'92re going to use:\
\
\
		\cf13 \cb8 git status\cf13 \cb4 \
		\cf13 \cb8 git add <file1, file2, file3, etc. >\cf13 \cb4 \
		\cf13 \cb8 git commit -m \'93Add a comment that describes your new changes\'94\cf13 \cb4 \
		\cf13 \cb8 git push origin HEAD:<your_branch>\cf13 \cb4 \
		\cf13 \cb8 git status\cf13 \cb4 \
\
	Note: That last line will likely prompt you to enter your GitHub username and password. Note that if you have 2FA/MFA (y\'92know..  when it texts your phone a code and you gotta enter it in) - it\'92s not going to work! At least, I didn\'92t figure that part out :]\
\
\
	To remove something from your branch in git, execute the following commands\
\
	 	
\f4\fs26 \cf5 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 git checkout <your_branch>\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 	   \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 git rm <file_to_delete>\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
	   \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 git commit -am "deleting <file_to_delete>\'93\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
	   \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 git push origin HEAD:<your_branch>\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs22 \cf13 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\
\
	\
\
	}