{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green29\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red229\green229\blue229;\red187\green187\blue187;\red27\green29\blue31;\red235\green236\blue237;\red27\green29\blue31;
\red27\green29\blue31;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14183\c15364\c16096;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c91857\c91857\c91857;\cssrgb\c78156\c78156\c78156;\cssrgb\c14118\c15294\c16078;\cssrgb\c93725\c94118\c94510;\cssrgb\c14140\c15318\c16084;
\cssrgb\c14140\c15317\c16084;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18400\viewh12140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 Git Instructions
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\
\ul Author:\ulnone  Nick Hella\
\
\
NOTE: Up to this point, I\'92m assuming you\'92ve installed git on your machine and can run it from the command line.\
\
\
Your first steps are to create a project directory somewhere on your machine. \
\
	For me, I run Ubuntu, so I created project directory in:\
		~/Documents/CS_205/PANDAS_CS205\
\
	On Windows, it would probably look something like:\
		C:\\Users\\nhella\\Documents\\CS_205\\PANDAS_CS205\
\
\
Either way, move into this directory:\
\
	MacOS: \
		cd ~/Documents/CS_205/PANDAS_CS205\
	Windows:\
		pushd C:\\Users\\nhella\\Documents\\CS_205\\PANDAS_CS205\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
	So now we\'92re going to perform a git pull. This means we\'92re going to download everything that\'92s in your branch on GitHub! The name of your branch should be your first name. Execute the following command:\
\
		
\f2\fs22 \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 git pull https://github.com/thehellahub/Pandas_CS205.git <your_branch>\cb3 \
\
	Now if we enter \'93ls\'94 in our terminal, we should see all the files we have in our branch! RADICAL. \
\
	So.. What\'92s not so rad is that every time we want to do a git pull, we don\'92t want to have to reference the URL and the branch. \
	\
	I know what you\'92re thinking.. That\'92s flippin\'92 lame! - Agreed!\
\
	To fix this, we\'92re gunna execute the following command:\
\
		\cb6 git branch --set-upstream-to=origin/<your_branch> master\cb3 \
\
	NOTE: If at any point you want to pull whatever is in the master branch, just execute the following:\
\
		\cb5 git pull https://github.com/thehellahub/Pandas_CS205.git master\cb3 \
\
	NOTE: Although it is NOT recommended, to push to master branch execute the following:\
\
\
		\cb6 git push origin HEAD:master\cb3 \
\
		AGAIN\'85 ** IT IS ONLY RECOMMENDED THAT YOU PUSH TO YOUR BRANCH. LET THE GITHUB ADMIN HANDLE MERGES, UNLESS YOU\'92RE ABSOLUTELY SURE THERE\'92S NO MERGE CONFLICTS **\
\
	Ok, enough with the caps lock.  \
\
	First we need to check that we\'92re on the proper branch. To do this, enter the following command:\
\
		
\f1\fs26 \cf7 \cb8 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 git rev-parse --abbrev-ref HEAD\cf9 \cb3 \
	\
	Do you see the branch you expected? Radical. \
\
	If you don\'92t see the branch you expected, just enter the following command:\
		\
		\cf7 \cb8 git checkout <your_branch>\cf10 \cb3 \
\
	Better? Radical.
\f2\fs22 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \
\
\
	Ok, so let\'92s say we want to push all our file changes/additions to our branch..\
\
\
	Here\'92s the series of commands we\'92re going to use:\
\
\
		\cb5 git status\cb3 \
		\cb5 git add <file1, file2, file3, etc. >\cb3 \
		\cb5 git commit -m \'93Add a comment that describes your new changes\'94\cb3 \
		\cb5 git pull\cb3 \
		\cb5 git push origin HEAD:<your_branch>\cb3 \
		\cb5 git status\cb3 \
\
	Note: That last line will likely prompt you to enter your GitHub username and password. Note that if you have 2FA/MFA (y\'92know..  when it texts your phone a code and you gotta enter it in) - it\'92s not going to work! At least, I didn\'92t figure that part out :]\
\
\
	To remove something from your branch in git, execute the following commands\
\
	 	
\f1\fs26 \cf7 \cb8 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 git checkout <your_branch>\cf9 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf9 	   \cf7 \cb8 git rm <file_to_delete>\cf9 \cb3 \
	   \cf7 \cb8 git commit -am "deleting <file_to_delete>\'93\cf9 \cb3 \
	   \cf7 \cb8 git push origin HEAD:<your_branch>\cf9 \cb3 \
	   \cf7 \cb8 git status\cf9 \cb3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \
\
\
\
	\
\
	}